# Mapping-UNGA-Voting-Alliances

As Voting similarity depends on the current resolution agenda, we introduce a tool which allows to presort the dataframe according to three parameters: The timespan of the resolutions under consideration, the country from whose perspective the similarity is to be calculated and finally a selection of six categories, which can be selected in any combination. The settings are selected via a GUI implemented with Dash and results vizualized with Plotly. The dataset is from Harvards Dataverse (https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/LEJUQZ), but required some cleaning to prevent overlapse due to countries changing their names or some minor errors. To test the program you can find a testsample with the first 100 resolutions. The code to fix the original Harvard dataset can be found as well. As the tool itself only allows to measure similarity from the perspective of a single country (which also is the only reasonable measurement to be shown on a geografical map), we also supplied a tool to create edgelists. That means it iterates over all countries to measure the similarity to all other countries. The resulting 193 csvs can be joined to an edglist which can then be prcessed to create a network analysis.

For calculating similarity we used the most simple operation: 1 -> ((YES AND YES) OR (NO AND NO)); 0.5 -> ((YES AND ABSTENTION) OR (NO AND ABSTENTION)); 0 -> (YES AND NO). The values are summed up and normalized with the number of resolutions both countries took part in. The Calculus is done in an isolated function and can be changed easily.

Gephi was used for the Network Graphics. To Replicate use the following settings: ForceAtlas2 Layout Algorithm; Dissuade Hubs; LinLog mode; Prevent Overlap; Edge Weight Influence: 3.0; Modularity: 1.0. Edge-settings allow for self-edges but are undirected (one half of adjacency table is dropped).
